
All you need to do is:

1) Edit configure.txt and modify it for your contest

2) Note that problems A, B, C, ... are number 0, 1, 2, ...

   + For each problem numbered 'x' (or 'xx' for K or above) you must supply:

     A) In the ./problemset directory:

        - The HTML specification, in a file called px.html; you can use images
          if needed, placing them in the ./problemset/images directory. Please,
          place also a index.html file with links to the problems. If you use
          Microsoft Word for editing the HTML, please make sure that all math
          symbols are readable under Linux Netscape 4.x and that there aren't
          control characters in the code (ASCII characters bellow 32 are not
          needed in HTML and may disconfigure unix terminals).

     B) In the ./in-ans directory:

        - The px.in and px.ans files, containing both the test input and test
          output. Note that these input/outputs SHOULD NOT BE the example
          input/output files, but the true test inputs for the contest. The
          input file may not exist if the program has no test inputs.

        - Optionally, a px.set file may exist. If allows to setup a specific
          memory limit and CPU time limit (in Kbytes) for the problems.
          Be careful if you provide it. The Online Judge is a Pentium II 233.

        - If you need to use a "specific judge" program; that is, a special
          program to test submitted programs (useful for algorithms with
          multiple valid outputs) you must supply it as px.judge.c (if it is
          written in C language). We allow also C++ and GNU Pascal judge
          programs, as well as (maybe) perl or scripting available for linux.

          The special judge programs read the teams program output from its
          standard input, and can access px.in and px.ans (if they are needed
          for such problem) in the current working directory. These programs
          must end with one of the following exit codes: 0-Accepted,
          1-Presentation Error, 2-Wrong Answer. Please, be careful writing a
          specific judge (if fails while running, the teams will receive a
          "wrong answer" verdict for their problem), specially validating the
          teams outputs.

        - The problemset.txt file must contain a line per each problem, with
          the title.

     C) In the ./src directory:

        - The source code with the solution. It must be written in C (px.c),
          GNU Pascal (px.p) or C++ (px.cpp).

3) In the ./homepage directory, you may place a file (name it as you like)
   containing a simple line with a URL which will be linked in our "Current
   list of defined contests" in the web (in the "homepage" column).

   Otherwise, if you have no web site, you may place here a complete set
   of pages with the information about your contest. You may add as many
   subdirectories and files as needed.

   Finally, you may choose no to setup a web page at all and not to use our
   web hosting service.

4) You may modify the rules.html file to fit your contest requirements.
